Where is the University of Tampere?
Where is UTA?
Where is school?
Where is the university?
University of Tampere location?
UTA location?
University location?
How can I find the University?
Address?
What is the address of the University?
What is the address?
University address?
UTA address?
Contact?
Contact information?
How to contact?
How to contact UTA?
How to contact the university?
How to contact the University of Tampere?
Opening?
Opening hours?
Open?
When is the university open?
When is uta open?
Mailing address?
What is the mailing address?
What is the mailing address of the University?
What is the mailing address of the University of Tampere?
What is the mailing address of UTA?
UTA mailing address?
Mail?

University of Tampere, Kalevantie 4, 33100 Tampere, Finland, Mailing address: FI-33014 Tampereen yliopisto. registry@uta.fi
Info desk tel. +358 50 318 6999 opastus@uta.fi Open Mon–Fri 8.00–15.45

Where is the registrar’s office?
Registrar location?
Registrar office location?
Registrar?
The registrar?
Registrar’s office?
Registrars office?
Registrar office?
Where is registrar?
Where is registrar office?
Where is the registrar office?

Contact Information
University main building, Kalevantie 4, room A 121
tel. 050 318 7000
e-mail: aktuaari(at)uta.fi
Opening hours:
Monday 10.00-16.00 Tuesday - Friday 10.00-14.00
OBS! In Summer from 4th of June till 31st of July were are open 12-14
Exceptions:-

Where is the main building?
Main building?
Main building location?
Main building address?
What is main buildings address?
Where is main building?
Where main building?

Main building (Päätalo), Kalevantie 4
Mon–Fri 7–20
Sat 8–15
Summer time (June 4th - September 2nd)
Mon–Fri 7–17

Where is Pinni A?
Pinni A?
Pinni A location?
Where Pinni A?
pinni a?

Pinni A, Kanslerinrinne 1
Mon–Thu 7.30-20
Fri  7.30–16
Summer time (June 4th -  September 2nd) Mon–Fri 8–16

Where is Pinni B?
Pinni B?
Pinni B location?
Where Pinni B?
pinni b?

Pinni B, Kanslerinrinne 1
Mon–Thu 7.30–20
Fri 7.30–17
Summer time (June 4th -  September 2nd)
Mon–Fri 7.30–16

Where is Linna?
Linna location?
Linna?
linna?
Where Linna?
Linna address?
What is Linna address?
What is Linna’s address?

Linna, Kalevantie 5
Mon–Fri 7.30–20
Sat 9.00–15
Summer time (June 4th -  August 26th)
Mon 8-18
Tue - Fri 8-16

Where is Virta?
Virta location?
Virta?
virta?
Where virta?
Virta addresss?
What is Virta address?
What is Virta’s address?

Virta, Åkerlundinkatu 5
Mon–Thu 7.30–20
Fri 7.30–17
Summer time (June 4th -  September 2nd)
Mon–Fri 8–16
(July 9th - July 28th closed)

Where is Atalpa?
Atalpa location?
Atalpa?
atalpa?
Where atalpa?
Atalpa address?
What is Atalpa address?
What is Atalpa’s address?

Atalpa, Ratapihankatu 55
Mon–Fri 7.30–16
Summer time (June 4th -  September 2nd)
Mon–Fri 8–16
(June 25th - July 28th closed)
Sports facilities: Unipoli Sport
Teacher Training School of the University of Tampere, upper secondary school

Where is Kauppi campus?
Kauppi campus location?
Kauppi campus?
Kauppi?
Where Kauppi?
Where kauppi campus?
Kauppi campus address?
What is Kauppi campus address?

Kauppi campus
Tays Central Hospital area parking map (in Finnish)
Kauppi campus, UTA buildings (pdf)
Arvo, Arvo Ylpön katu 34 (former Lääkärinkatu 1) Mon–Fri 7.30–20 
Tampere University Hospital, Teiskontie 35

Where is Auttilankulma?
Where Auttilankulma?
Auttilankulma location?
Auttilankulma?
auttilankulma?
auttilan kulma?
Auttilankulma address?
What is Auttilankulma address?
What is Auttilankulma’s address?

Auttilankulma, Vuolteenkatu 20

Where is the Teacher Training School of the University of Tampere?
Where is the Teacher Training School?
Teacher Training School of the University of Tampere?
Teacher Training School?
Where Teacher Training School?
Teacher Training School location?

Teacher Training School of the University of Tampere, Lounaantie 2 and Kuokkamaantie 16

Where is the University Consortium?
Where is University Consortium?
University Consortium?
Where University Consortium?
University Consortium location?

University Consortium Pori, Pohjoisranta 11 C, FI-28101 Pori
University Consortium Seinäjoki, Kampusranta 9 C, FI-60320 Seinäjoki

What are the faculties in the University of Tampere?
What faculties are in the University of Tampere?
University of Tampere faculties?
UTA faculties?
What faculties are there?
What faculties are here?
Faculties?

Faculty of Communication Sciences (COMS)
Faculty of Education (EDU)
Faculty of Management (JKK)
Faculty of Medicine and Life Sciences (MED)
Faculty of Natural Sciences (LUO)
Faculty of Social Sciences (SOC)

What is the Faculty of Communication Sciences?
What is COMS?
coms?

The Faculty of Communication Sciences is a multidisciplinary environment for teaching and research that combines traditions and expertise from the arts, natural sciences, social sciences and theatre. As such, the Faculty is unique in Finland. The Faculty is made up of the School of Language, Translation and Literary Studies (LTL), the School of Communication, Media and Theatre (CMT) and the School of Information Sciences’ (SIS) Degree Programme in Information Studies and Interactive Media and Master’s Degree Programme in Human-Technology Interaction. The Faculty is home to some 3,500 students and over 300 researchers, instructors and administrators.

Where is the Faculty of Communication Sciences?
Where is Faculty of Communication Sciences?
Where is COMS?

Postal address
Faculty of Communication Sciences
33014 University of Tampere, Finland
Visiting address
Pinni B building, Kanslerinrinne 1, Tampere
Arrival guide and campus map
Email: coms.info@uta.fi

What is the Faculty of Education?
What is Faculty of Education?
What is EDU?

The University of Tampere Faculty of Education in  is a research and  learning community exploring and analysing changes in education and  society. The faculty participates in building the idea of learning society in national and global scale by offering degree programmes for prospective educational professionals with top-quality societal and cultural expertise. The Faculty of Education promotes research which contributes to the basic understanding of conditions and possibilities of education in a time of global change. The faculty provides research-based basic and postgraduate education as well as continuing education.

What is the Faculty of Management?
What is Faculty of Management?
What is JKK?

Faculty of Management is an academic research and education unit operating in the areas of Politics, Business and Administrative Sciences. It is a large community with 3,500 students and more than 200 staff members, including 40 professors.
Faculty of Management provides students with a learning environment that enables them to fundamentally understand tomorrow’s world that is in the making from multiple perspectives. We seek novel ways to lead, govern and study across boundaries.

Where is the Faculty of Management?
Where is Faculty of Management?
Where is JKK?

Postal address:
Faculty of Management (JKK)
33014  UNIVERSITY OF TAMPERE
Finland
Visiting address:
Kanslerinrinne 1 (Pinni A Building)

What is Faculty of Medicine and Life Sciences?
What is the Faculty of Medicine and Life Sciences?
What is MED?

The research in the Faculty of Medicine and Life Sciences covers different areas of medicine, from clinical to translational medicine.
A part of the research groups at the faculty belong to BioMediTech Institute, a joint research institute of the University of Tampere and Tampere University of Technology.
Research groups that are at work on cancer research at the faculty belong to our regional cancer center, Fican Mid, and to our local Tays Cancer Centre.
The Faculty of Medicine and Life Sciences offers the Licentiate of Medicine degree (M.D.), and the degrees of Bachelor of Science (B. Sc.) and Master of Science (M. Sc.).  The faculty also gives postgraduate education in the field of medicine. After completing the M.D. or M.Sc. degree, it is possible to apply for doctoral studies.

Where is Faculty of Medicine and Life Sciences?
Where is the Faculty of Medicine and Life Sciences?
Where is MED?

Postal Address:
Faculty of Medicine and Life Sciences
PB 100
FI-33014 UNIVERSITY OF TAMPERE
FINLAND
Visiting Address:
Arvo Ylpön katu 34 (Arvo building), Tampere

What is Faculty of Natural Sciences?
What is LUO?
What is the Faculty of Natural Sciences?

The Faculty hosts the Tampere Research Center for Information and Systems (CIS). Active research topics of CIS include information systems, software development, databases, data analysis, statistics, logic and model theory, number theory, algebra, and algebraic geometry.
The Faculty also hosts the Center for Applied Statistics and Data Analytics (CAST) which offers collaboration in statistics and data analytics and provides R&D services.
Studies
The Faculty of Natural Sciences educates experts in Mathematics, Statistics and Computer Sciences, whose competence will play a crucial role in the development of an increasingly digital world.
Students graduating from the Faculty may find jobs with various businesses, educational institutions or research centres as project managers, Mathematics teachers, researchers, software designers or data analysts.

Where is Faculty of Natural Sciences?
Where is the Faculty of Natural Sciences?
Where is LUO?

Postal address
Faculty of Natural Sciences
33014 University of Tampere, Finland
Visiting address of the Faculty Office
Kanslerinrinne 1, Pinni B Building, Ground floor, room B1053
Tel. +358 50 318 6398 Faculty Office
luo.info(at)uta.fi

What is Faculty of Social Sciences?
What is the Faculty of Social Sciences?
What is SOC?

The Faculty of Social Sciences is a community of about 2,800 students and 400 employees, and its profile is firmly placed at the centre of the University of Tampere’s areas of strength: teaching and research in the fields of society and health. The teaching and research at the Faculty support people’s welfare, health and functional ability in our globalising and complex world, and the Faculty offers important contributions to solving various welfare challenges. The multidisciplinary Faculty of Social Sciences was formed when the School of Social Sciences and Humanities (YKY) and the School of Health Sciences (HES) merged. The Faculty’s internationally high-quality and multidisciplinary expertise extends from understanding the long processes of cultural change to topical questions about society and everyday life. Its areas of practical application range from population-level forecasts to the management of welfare systems and the education of professionals.
The Faculty educates students through degree programmes in health sciences, history, logopaedics, philosophy, psychology, social research and social work. The Faculty also runs two international master’s degree programmes. Some 600 students graduate annually with either a bachelor’s or a master’s degree.
The doctoral training offered is interwoven with research in the Faculty’s areas of focus. The Faculty is a strong actor in doctoral training at both the university level and in the networks of the fields that the Faculty specialises in. Approximately forty people complete their doctoral studies every year.

Where is Faculty of Social Sciences?
Where is the Faculty of Social Sciences?
Where is SOC?

Postal address:
Faculty of Social Sciences (SOC)
33014 UNIVERSITY OF TAMPERE
FINLAND
Visiting address:
Linna-building, 6. floor., Kalevantie 5
>> location
Faculty office is closed between 27.12.2017 - 3.1.2018.
Kauppi campus (Health Sciences)
Postal address:
PL 100
33014 UNIVERSITY OF TAMPERE
FINLAND
Visiting address:
Arvo, 3. floor
Arvo Ylpön katu 34 (ex. Lääkärinkatu 1)
33520 TAMPERE